# RTIC meeting

2019-10-09

## Agenda

- v0.5 release
  - see action items
- RFC: lock optimization - https://github.com/rtic-rs/rfcs/issues/19
  - to be evaluated as an opt-in Cargo feature
- RFC: goodbye Exclusive - https://github.com/rtic-rs/rfcs/issues/17
   - to be evaluated as 2 competing 0.6 RFCs: 'lock required everywhere' vs 'auto-wrap in Exclusive'
- v0.4.x release
- next meeting the 2019-10-16, 20.00 CET?

## Action items

- [ ] @japaric: will update copyright notices and Cargo metadata of all crates under the rtic-rs org
- [ ] @japaric: postpone the rename RFC
- [ ] @japaric: pre-release v0.5.0-beta after the two previous items are completed
- [ ] @per: make a PR for opt-in lock optimization
- [ ] postpone issue 17 for 0.6, prepare proper RFC(s)
- [ ] @korken89: Look into better warning/error messages for the soundness issue in 0.4.x or probe the compiler version and emit code based on version

